report.md, before:

# Project 2: Continuous Control

### Results

My trained agent was able to successfully meet specifications by performing 100 sessions with average scores of ~37 points, exceeding the project requirements of 30 points.  

### Solution

The agent was implemented as a Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient (DDPG) agent. DDPG is a good fit for this task because it handles continuous control problems without the need for discretization. DDPG is an actor-critic method, with both the actor and the critic having a local and target network for stability. An Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process was used to add noise to the actions taken by the agent during training, in order to encourage exploration.  

The network design of the actor and critic were identical, using 3 fully connected hidden layers with 128 nodes each.  

ReLU non-linearities were used, except for the output layer where tanh was used in order to provide output control in the range of +\- 1.

Notable changes deviating from the template DDPG implementation of the course include:

* adding batch normalization after the first layer (following the non-linearity) of both the actor and critic networks  
* adding gradient clipping as recommended in the course project notes  

Training parameters were:  

BUFFER_SIZE = int(1e6)  # replay buffer size  
BATCH_SIZE = 128        # minibatch size  
GAMMA = 0.99            # discount factor  
TAU = 1e-3              # for soft update of target parameters  
LR_ACTOR = 2e-4         # learning rate of the actor   
LR_CRITIC = 2e-4        # learning rate of the critic  
WEIGHT_DECAY = 0        # L2 weight decay  
UPDATE_EVERY = 1        # update steps  

Training was performed for 2000 episodes. The target performance was achieved around 1000 episodes with further improvements continuing until leveling off around 1600 episodes.  

### Further Work

The above hyperparameters were not extensively explored, and could certainly be optimized.  

The network design is also not optimized, and the number of hidden units is certainly not optimal.

Commit message:

added reference to DDPG paper

report.md, after:

# Project 2: Continuous Control

### Results

My trained agent was able to successfully meet specifications by performing 100 sessions with average scores of ~37 points, exceeding the project requirements of 30 points.  

### Solution

The agent was implemented as a Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient (DDPG) agent. DDPG is a good fit for this task because it handles continuous control problems without the need for discretization. DDPG is an actor-critic method, with both the actor and the critic having a local and target network for stability. An Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process was used to add noise to the actions taken by the agent during training, in order to encourage exploration. For more details on the DDPG algorithm, please refer to its paper [Continuous control with deep reinforcement learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1509.02971).  

The network design of the actor and critic were identical, using 3 fully connected hidden layers with 128 nodes each.  

ReLU non-linearities were used, except for the output layer where tanh was used in order to provide output control in the range of +\- 1.

Notable changes deviating from the template DDPG implementation of the course include:

* adding batch normalization after the first layer (following the non-linearity) of both the actor and critic networks  
* adding gradient clipping as recommended in the course project notes  

Training parameters were:  

BUFFER_SIZE = int(1e6)  # replay buffer size  
BATCH_SIZE = 128        # minibatch size  
GAMMA = 0.99            # discount factor  
TAU = 1e-3              # for soft update of target parameters  
LR_ACTOR = 2e-4         # learning rate of the actor   
LR_CRITIC = 2e-4        # learning rate of the critic  
WEIGHT_DECAY = 0        # L2 weight decay  
UPDATE_EVERY = 1        # update steps  

Training was performed for 2000 episodes. The target performance was achieved around 1000 episodes with further improvements continuing until leveling off around 1600 episodes.  

### Further Work

The above hyperparameters were not extensively explored, and could certainly be optimized.  

The network design is also not optimized, and the number of hidden units is certainly not optimal.
